com/promad/msi/listaplacas/repository/VehiculoInvolucrado.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.repository.VehiculoInvolucrado
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/repository/Incidente.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.repository.Incidente
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/cliente/EventoPlaca.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.cliente.EventoPlaca
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/PlacaRegisterRetryListener.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.PlacaRegisterRetryListener
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/EventoPeticion.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.EventoPeticion
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/helper/PlacasHelper.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.helper.PlacasHelper
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/EventoModel.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.EventoModel
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/IncidenteModel.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.IncidenteModel
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/ErrorResolver.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.ErrorResolver
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/BadRequestException.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.BadRequestException
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/RegistroModel.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.RegistroModel
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/RespuestaModel.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.RespuestaModel
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/cliente/ClienteWebGenerico.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.cliente.ClienteWebGenerico
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.cliente.ClienteWebGenerico$1
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/ListaplacasApplication.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.ListaplacasApplication
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/RespuestaWService.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.RespuestaWService
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/service/EventoService.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.service.EventoService
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/repository/EventoRepository.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.repository.EventoRepository
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/utilities/JSONManager.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.utilities.JSONManager
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/InvalidRequestException.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.InvalidRequestException
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/model/VehiculoInvolucradoModel.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.model.VehiculoInvolucradoModel
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/cliente/ListaPlacas.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.cliente.ListaPlacas
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/service/ListaPlacaService.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.service.ListaPlacaService
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/controller/ListaPlacasController.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.controller.ListaPlacasController
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/ErrorDescriptor.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.ErrorDescriptor
com/promad/msi/listaplacas/errorhandling/DataNotFoundException.java
 com.promad.msi.listaplacas.errorhandling.DataNotFoundException
